Separate type for aggregated committee attestation (#4005)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/electra/validator.md

Changed the max attestations size to `MAX_ATTESTATIONS_ELECTRA`.

The network attestation aggregates contain only the assigned committee attestations.
Committee attestations received by the block proposer from the committee aggregators with different `committee_index` sets and equal `AttestationData` SHOULD be consolidated into a single `Attestation` object.

> The proposer should run the following function to construct an on chain final aggregate form a list of committee attestations with equal `AttestationData`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposer should run the following function to construct an on-chain final aggregate from a list of committee attestations with equal `AttestationData`:
```

- Set `attestation_data.index = 0`.
- Let `aggregation_bits` be a `Bitlist[MAX_VALIDATORS_PER_COMMITTEE * MAX_COMMITTEES_PER_SLOT]` of length `len(committee)`, where each bit set from each individual attestation is set to `0b1`.

> - Set `attestation.committee_index = committee_index`, where `committee_index` is the `committee_index` in each individual attestation.

Reviewer: Making it the same as in "Construct attestation" would be easier. Reordering this to be the second one as in "Construct attestation" would even be better.
```suggestion
- Set `attestation.committee_index` to the index associated with the validator's committee.
```

> 
> #### Aggregate signature
> 
> Set `aggregate_attestation.signature = aggregate_signature` where `aggregate_signature` is obtained from:
> 
> ```python
> def get_aggregate_signature(attestations: Sequence[CommitteeAttestation]) -> BLSSignature:
>     signatures = [attestation.signature for attestation in attestations]
>     return bls.Aggregate(signatures)
> ```
> 
> ### Broadcast aggregate
> 
> `get_aggregate_and_proof` is modified to accept `CommitteeAttestation` for `aggregate`.
> 
> ```python
> def get_aggregate_and_proof(state: BeaconState,
>                             aggregator_index: ValidatorIndex,
>                             committee_attestation: CommitteeAttestation,
>                             privkey: int) -> AggregateAndProof:
>     return AggregateAndProof(
>         aggregator_index=aggregator_index,
>         aggregate=committee_attestation,
>         selection_proof=get_slot_signature(state, aggregate.data.slot, privkey),
>     )
> ```

Reviewer: I think these two sections are trivial and wordy and unrelated to the change, right? I would say they are not needed.
```suggestion
```
